Cosmos-Spark: Allow overriding json parsing behavior to allow parsing  json objects with duplicate properties (#30916)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos-spark_3_2-12/docs/configuration-reference.md

| `spark.cosmos.diagnostics`      | None    | Can be used to enable more verbose diagnostics. Currently the only supported option is to set this property to `simple` - which will result in additional logs being emitted as `INFO` logs in the Driver and Executor logs.|
| `spark.cosmos.disableTcpConnectionEndpointRediscovery`      | `false`    | Can be used to disable TCP connection endpoint rediscovery. TCP connection endpoint rediscovery should only be disabled when using custom domain names with private endpoints when using a custom Spark environment. When using Azure Databricks or Azure Synapse as Spark runtime it should never be required to disable endpoint rediscovery.|

> | `spark.cosmos.read.allowInvalidJsonWithDuplicateJsonProperties`  | `false`    | By default (when set to false) the Cosmos Java SDK and spark connector will raise a hard failure when json documents are read that contain json object with multiple properties of the same name. This config option can be used to override the behavior and silently ignore the invalid json and instead use the last occurrence of the property instead when parsing the json. This is meant to be used as a temporary workaround - we strongly recommend fixing the invalid json form even being ingested into the data and only use this workaround while cleaning up the documents with invalid json.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `spark.cosmos.read.allowInvalidJsonWithDuplicateJsonProperties`  | `false`    | By default (when set to false) the Cosmos Java SDK and spark connector will raise a hard failure when json documents are read that contain json object with multiple properties of the same name. This config option can be used to override the behavior and silently ignore the invalid json and instead use the last occurrence of the property when parsing the json. NOTE: This is only meant to be used as a temporary workaround. We strongly recommend fixing the invalid json from even being ingested into the data and only use this workaround while cleaning up the documents with invalid json.|
```

> | `spark.cosmos.read.allowInvalidJsonWithDuplicateJsonProperties`  | `false`    | By default (when set to false) the Cosmos Java SDK and spark connector will raise a hard failure when json documents are read that contain json object with multiple properties of the same name. This config option can be used to override the behavior and silently ignore the invalid json and instead use the last occurrence of the property instead when parsing the json. This is meant to be used as a temporary workaround - we strongly recommend fixing the invalid json form even being ingested into the data and only use this workaround while cleaning up the documents with invalid json.|

Reviewer: I like how we are calling the property name itself with `invalid Json` -> `allowInvalidJsonWithDuplicateJsonProperties`
